feat: Web3Modal react-native docs (#613)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/reactnative/web3modal/installation.md

import Container from '../../components/Container';

# Installation

:::caution
**The Web3Modal SDK is currently in Alpha and is not production-ready**.

It's public API and associated documentation may still see significant and breaking changes.
:::

> Web3Modal SDK simplifies the modal integration process for dapp developers. Only V2 [WCURIs](../../specs/clients/core/pairing/pairing-uri) will work with this SDK as V1 is being deprecated by 28 June 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web3Modal SDK simplifies the modal integration process for dapp developers. Please note that only V2 [WCURIs](../../specs/clients/core/pairing/pairing-uri) will work with this SDK, as V1 is being deprecated by June 28th, 2023.
```

> We have written a simple tutorial for Expo on how to get started. This same approach is applicable for React Native CLI. At any point of development, feel free to reach out via [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/WalletConnect/discussions) or Discord in the `dapp-dev-support` [channel.](https://discord.com/channels/492410046307631105/1040019697271328838)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have created a simple tutorial for Expo on how to get started, and this same approach is also applicable for React Native CLI. If you need assistance at any point during development, please feel free to reach out to us via [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/WalletConnect/discussions) or on Discord in the dapp-dev-support [channel](https://discord.com/channels/492410046307631105/1040019697271328838).
```

Reviewer: Could you include a link to the Expo tutorial? 🙏🏽

Author: This was a mistake, I'll remove the tutorial info because it's something from web3wallet guide

Author: But i'll add it in web3wallet docs

## Obtain Project ID

> Every project using WalletConnect SDKs needs to obtain projectId from [WalletConnect Cloud](https://cloud.walletconnect.com/sign-in). This is absolutely free and only takes a few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every project that uses WalletConnect SDKs needs to obtain a Project ID from [WalletConnect Cloud](https://cloud.walletconnect.com/sign-in). This process is completely free and only takes a few minutes.
```

## Add Packages

Install the Web3Modal SDK package.

> import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';

Reviewer: Should this be in a code block?

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="rn-cli" label="React Native CLI">

```bash npm2yarn
npm install @web3modal/react-native
```

Additionally add these extra packages to help with async storage, polyfills, modals and SVG's.

```bash npm2yarn
npm install @react-native-async-storage/async-storage react-native-get-random-values react-native-modal react-native-svg
```

On iOS, use CocoaPods to add the native modules to your project:

```
npx pod-install
```

## Apply Polyfills

In your root file, add this lines:

```javascript
import '@walletconnect/react-native-compat';
import '@ethersproject/shims';
```

> </TabItem>

Reviewer: Should these be in a code block?

<TabItem value="expo" label="Expo">

```

> npx expo install @web3modal/react-native

Reviewer: I thought Expo wasn't available?

Author: It is now 👍

```

Additionally add these extra packages to help with async storage, polyfills, modals and SVG's.

```
npx expo install @react-native-async-storage/async-storage react-native-get-random-values react-native-modal react-native-svg
```

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="e48" label="SDK 48+">

Expo 48 has an [issue](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/17270) with `react-native-get-random-values`, so we need to temporarily fix this with their crypto library.

```
npx expo install expo-crypto
```

> ### Create shim file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create Shim File
```

> Copy [this](https://github.com/WalletConnect/web3modal-react-native/blob/main/example/expo-crypto-shim.js) file in your root folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy [this](https://github.com/WalletConnect/web3modal-react-native/blob/main/example/expo-crypto-shim.js) file in your root folder.
```

> ## Apply Polyfills

Reviewer: Is there repeating information? There's about 3-4 titles `Apply Polyfills`
